[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Our next step was
in the Lake District.
The region is
called Lake District
because it's a mountain that
is surrounded by nine lakes.
And they are all pointing to
one small lake in the center.
What we have here is the
Metatron's Cube in this region.
It's one lake
representing the dimension
of the center and the
other eight lakes around.
So that region there
represents the nine dimensions
of the heart going towards
the center, to the void.
What we wanted to do
there was to connect
with the machine of the heart
with the pulse of creation.
The main thing to understand
there is that the heart is not
like we humans used to
think about the heart,
like the center of love.
The heart is actually a machine
that pulses time and space.
It's like a clock.
If you could listen and hear
all the hearts in the universe
beating at the same
time, you would
start to hear this
machine that makes
time possible through gravity.
So every movement
creates a pulse
of energy, a pulse of gravity
that manifests a field of time.
So the idea was for
us to recognize that.
As we connect with
the heart, we start
to go to the center of
creation through time and space
and find balance
so we can manifest
our own time, our own space.
What I explained there to
people was that the Metatron's
Cube related to this machine--
works by four aspects of time
and four aspects of space.
So the four aspects of time
represents the four stages
in which everything
in the universe
goes through, which is
expression, experimentation,
integration, and transcendence.
That's the base of
four of the directions
of time in the Metatron's Cube.
And as humans, we have
four related to space,
which is projected into people.
So we have family.
We have friends.
We have lovers.
And we have challenges.
Usually, for the universe,
that would be directions,
like north, south, east,
west, up, down, right, left.
So these four directions
in our life are people.
In the Lake District, there is
one of the most beautiful stone
circles, which is Castlerigg
that represents the heart.
The first time that
I went to Castlerigg,
I sat in the chamber
that is in the center.
And I just allowed
myself to feel that beat
throughout the cosmos.
I felt that I was in the
center of all things.
I'm not usually a
person that talks
about the heart or these things.
I usually, say, go
back to the heart
when I say the word
recuerda or remember.
But when I got
there, I understood
that in order to connect with
the heart of the universe,
we have to balance our
own hearts emotionally,
mentally, physically.
But it goes beyond the idea
that we have from the heart.
[BAAING]
I never thought I would
bring people there.
So I always feel that whenever
I bring people to that place
is to feel the power of that
machine of all the hearts
together.
When I come to each one
of the stone circles,
I usually, don't know
what we are going to do.
So I ask the energy of the
place or a master of the place,
if there is one.
So I went there.
And I just got inside
the circle, and then
the tiny circle
inside the circle
at the East side of Castlerigg,
and just opened myself
to ask, what are we doing here?
What is the task here?
And I started to see the
pattern, like a mandala opening,
like a beautiful
shape of squares.
And all the squares were
spinning and creating
all of them like a tesseract.
So I could feel the
pulse of all of them.
And one eye staring
from the center--
the fore.
I saw the whole region
with the nine legs
creating this tesseract
going from inside, outside,
inside, outside.
That image, like a machine
of mandalas, going around,
that's how I understood.
We had 45 people.
I had to divide them in
nine groups of five people.
So what I invited
the people to do
was to create nine groups
related to the nine lakes.
So each one of you is
located in the position
of one of the lakes.
And, obviously, we have the
little lake in the center.
Between each one
of us, all of us,
we are creating a
meta transcript.
And in your own
personal circle, you
will create your
own meta transcript.
So we all created together
the Metatron's Cube.
We all created the
heart of the system.
And each one of these nine
circles of five people
would represent someone staring
at one of the bases through time
and space.
What we will do is to take this
four stages of our life related
to four people in those stages.
From your point to the left,
expression, experimentation,
integration, and transcendence.
So the first thing we will
do is go through a scanner
into these people
and perceive where
the energy of my body related
to that person is right now.
So the idea is,
for a few moments,
to perceive where I am
linked to that person.
And with my own
sounds and movement,
I start to tune from their
hearts to your own heart.
Just feel and let yourself
move your own energy
towards the heart and balance
the other energies to the heart.
So don't think much,
just let your soul move.
As we are doing this,
for our own process,
we balance that with the
process of the entire system
that we are using here,
which is the whole land.
So have that in mind that
as you are balancing that,
you are balancing
the whole system.
The idea for that was
to balance the energy
of the heart that, usually, is
spread around the entire body.
So to put all that
together into one center
and raise it up to the heart of
that representative of family,
then the friends, then the
lovers, then the challenge,
with our own heart.
So rising up or lowering
down from the mind
or from the body or lower
emotions towards the heart.
And the idea was to put all
the center, the nine dimensions
into the core.
Concentrate in your breathings.
I become aware
that I find myself
in the circle of the heart.
I reach for my own energy of
the heart spread along my body,
and the energy of
my heart spread
throughout the body of
these other people connected
to all the hearts of the world.
And within my heart, connected
to the heart of the universe,
I become aware of the
great cube of the creator
throughout the time, expression,
experimentation, integration,
and transcendence.
I take a deep breath
and visualize around me
these four people that reflect
my own Metatron's Cube.
I become aware of
the square of time.
I take a deep breath and expand
to the square of the space.
So as we did that with
our own tiny circle,
our own Metatron's Cube with
people that we relate to,
and the other ones were
just embodying that--
[HUMMING]
--we started to create the pulse
to the center from each one
of our hearts to one.
And then we created
the nine lakes.
And from the nine
lakes, we turn around.
And we went to the center
to create the center lake.
So we manifested the geometry
of the entire region,
feeling the beat
of the Earth there,
connecting all the
hearts to only one.
[HUMMING]
Feel the brightness
of your heart chakra.
Smile and connect all
the hearts as a circle.
And you project your
hearts towards the center,
creating only one in the
core of your own circle.
And with your singing, make this
heart become bigger and bigger.
We started to sing a song
that a friend of mine
channeled singing
when we were doing
the activations in
Argentina, which was Conecta.
It's a calling of
connect, connect, connect.
(SINGING) Conecta.
Conecta.
So the song says, connect
with the beat of her heart,
which is Earth.
Connect with a beat of your own
heart to the heart of Earth.
[SINGING]
Move your body.
Mueve tu cuerpo.
Bring all the hearts
to the center.
One circle.
(SINGING) Conecta.
Conecta.
And that's how we completed
the system of the Metatron's
Cube, the time machine.
I feel that for people, the
connection with the heart
is not only the love level,
but mind and physical level,
helps them to expand much
more the idea that we
have of the center of
everything, of the heartbeat,
of the system, of what love
means more than just an emotion
related to humans.
And I think that
when they connect
with all these perspectives
and expansions into all
the dimensions of the heartbeat,
they feel expanded everywhere,
because, sometimes, during a
tough process that people are
living, they might feel, I don't
feel the love or I don't feel--
now, I feel sad.
So when they understand
that every emotion is
a pulse of the heart, and
it's part of the heartbeat,
it's not that you have to be in
love with something or someone
in order to feel the system.
So I think it's releasing.
It's happiness also to
feel that it doesn't
matter from where you feel it.
The heartbeat is there.
The pulse that creates
time and space is there.
Usually, we relate the
heart, the high heart chakra
with the feeling of the soul.
But the soul is energy.
And the biggest pulses of energy
are not just in the heart.
They are the connection between
our spine and our brain.
That's why the entrance
of the soul in the body
is the atlas, which
is the last vertebrae.
That's why we went to Edinburgh.
That represents the
entrance of the soul.
Very close to the city,
actually, inside the city,
there is a park with a
mountain called Arthur's Seat.
And we have been talking about
the King Arthur and the Sword
Excalibur and everything
since Glastonbury.
So for me, that place
represents the place where
you sit on the throne, where you
recognize your own power, which
is the moment where the
spirit and the soul, like,
the king and the queen,
they sit on the throne.
And that seat, that throne
is inside the brain.
So all the spiritual
level, all the mind,
the connection with
the entire universe,
they all settle in the
throne, which is the atlas.
It's the point where
all the information
comes from all the body,
from all the senses,
and connects with the divine.
So this is the
point of connection.
And I wanted to share
that place with them.
When I went for the first
time to Arthur's Seat,
I climbed there and I just
sat to meditate and see.
And for me, that place,
Edinburgh, Arthur's Seat,
represents freedom.
I feel free when I'm there.
[EXHALES]
Like a release.
So some of the moments that
I felt trapped in my life,
and I was close by like,
Barcelona or something
like this, I just took
a flight for one day
to come climb the mountain,
sit there, and went back.
So being there helped
me to say, I am free.
And that was the spirit
that I got from those times.
This is the first time that
I climbed a mountain thinking
I'm going to weave that energy.
It's a tough path going up.
So I said, I don't want
to push anybody to do it,
if they cannot.
So I just said, I will
just explain what it means.
And the explanation of
that was how mind and heart
are these two pulses of
information from the soul, which
is the queen and the spirit,
the mind, which is the king.
Both together are connected
through the courts.
The resonance of the voice
in the throat chakra.
And these voices are weaving
the geometry in order
to create Metatron's
Cube, the throne beyond.
So my idea for that was, let's
walk up and create the throne.
And every step, trying
to form and think
and meditate about all the
paths that we have done,
but it started to rain so hard.
It was so difficult to
even stare at the mountain.
Suddenly, the rain stopped.
And some of us
started to walk up.
And, eventually, everyone
said, I will go up.
And even the people that
couldn't walk much, they said,
I will try a little bit.
As we were going
up, I felt that I
needed to do my own path to
make every step with awareness.
So I thought, I won't lead, I
won't go up and find the place
and try to explain
the situation.
Everyone has to
do their own path.
And I have to do the same.
So I was going slowly,
singing to my history,
trying to think about
everything that I did
and weaving that
as I was walking.
For me, it was much
more about enjoying
the path than leading the path.
Suddenly, I saw that the
oldest people in the group
were coming right behind me.
So I decided to be
also there close by
to encourage them to keep going.
Eventually, we all went there.
We all went up.
And just by the
happiness of arriving,
they started to sing naturally
and creating and weaving
all this pattern.
We started to create the throne.
We created this powerful moment
of weaving with our singing
all the strings of
this instrument that we
are connecting heart and
mind through the voice.
So that's why I enjoy it a lot
because I didn't do anything.
I was just enjoying my own path.
And everyone just joined
the joy of that moment.
After we entered the soul,
and we saw the queen,
we went for the king.
And that's the eye of God.
The inner eye that
sees everything.
That's Loch Ness.
That lake is like an
eye that sees beyond.
Clava Cairns is like a portal
from this reality transcending
to another dimension.
I felt the frequency of
the eighth dimension.
It's a very crazy place where
you stop being yourself.
It's the weaver, the
toroid, this weird spider
that doesn't have a body.
People started to feel that they
were going farther and farther
to the center of something
that they couldn't relate to.